Fix typos in doc (#3545)
esl/MongooseIM: doc/tutorials/iOS_tutorial.md

}
```

Why are we adding `ViewController` as a delegate of `XMPPStream` if our `XMPPController` already has that delegate implemented?

> Because we need to know if this connection and authentication was successful or notin our `ViewController`

Reviewer: Maybe fix this one as well?
```suggestion
Because we need to know if this connection and authentication was successful or not in our `ViewController`
```
